In previous material, I told you how we created everything.
So this is basically beautiful.
I already created this inside the deal.
And it's very simple and this would deal with him.
So it is similar to a library and where it's required some mediapart already created in this Tudor.
I'm going to create some let's and I'll part, and in the next room, I'm going to play on the server.
So let us create how we can create this volume.
So let me close this part first.
OK, so long, what is required methods we need now to see first, because we need to add some to your.
So let me create one.
Soledad, which is basically and inside let.
Next, yes.
Let me close this part.
It will create some different things, you didn't close this.
And now I'm what I'm going to do is I'm going to import some exceptions and everything was.
In two different libraries and using no, I'm importing some methods here, which is basically benign
deal.
So I'm importing.
Beings not start.
I mean, 40.
Bill started, so it will ask me for every method inside that package, so no need to add it again and
again.
Let me create notation here, because I mentioned you and we're doing it because.
So let's not.
So we are done with this, and let me add some methods here.
So this is over at local level in part.
So as you can see, this is done, but we need to create some more methods also, which is basically
a book form and everything.
So we will create it later.
We are now focusing with this one.
So this is basically I'm creating print statements and everything, and this is all about human.
And this is a dispatcher, and I'm including this part.
So what is doing this you do as an equal number call and all these parameters with that form name and
book, then book so successfully if this is done and soon to be part.
Or any of them is natural settlements, and it will bring that and it will be related to that part.
So this are not Jonah.
Let me create one another thing which is basically a book form.
We haven't created a book format.
Why it is required because.
No.
We created a mini log in, similarly, we need to create this part also.
And Boots first.
Then close this volume just to copy the code, basically, because you I am concerned, I don't want
to focus on that, but I'm going to focus on the simpler things here first.
So let me import some libraries, default libraries, then let me import some.
Bill Dodd started because I'm going to mention that, but also you.
Then let me create one annotation you'd.
You're the first.
And let me add some different things.
I'm getting.
Well, so.
So this is all about this and in this.
It's OK.
So now we are done with book on what we need to create some extremely points in the next two roll,
I'm going to tell you how we are going to create the fence.
So it is all about this ad from the new ad, but from what will do, it will do that on Mujtaba and
a form that in the proposed back in part, but it should be very helpful by deploying in the solid.
Similarly, we are in meeting with our library and.
We created eye level library and form, but we haven't created a librarian method was.
So.
Let me clear that part, also a librarian mentioned it to the live broadcast, I mean.
Let me close this first.
Let me.
This.
Then.
In both.
Deodorant star.
Import.
Being North Star so long, I mean, putting everything you.
No, let me.
You some 14 year.
So now we're done with this, our librarian.
And why am I'm importing this part, you will understand when deploying this in a library, in a stimulus
and everything.
We need to invoke that part and we are using that method with library and being and being everything
in would be being onshore.
So this is all about how we can get to a library and form.
He's already created admin log in is also created, but the lead book is going to be retrieved.
So let me create one delete book method because we mentioned that we are going to delete edit.
Also, you should consult with local terminal for the local library and when we were created, we need
to mention some delete a written issue, book purpose.
So let me create one delete book material.
So let's salute again.
This is the click finish.
Then.
If you're going to your ID, you will understand everything.
Let me do this for us.
If you want, you can keep that part, but.
I already mentioned that.
You can create some code already, and you can use that again and again.
Let me import delimiter because for this, we are creating that delete book part and it is clear that
delete part.
Again, this is basically so only.
These are no longer required because it's not operating in existence, so you can do that and oh, let
me check is the view of you.
We haven't mentioned it.
So we need to create a new book methodology here.
But before this, all.
We need to create some or new book also, so let me mention all the things you.
So when mentioning this alert, because it is intended so that if you did this a librarian, you have
to check all the things you're.
The job also is extremely lonely, so no need to mention this always due to fully specified names.
Your.
So similarly, in the I'm going to read some of your book letters on some.
So this is done by the library in mythology, remaining well.
So in the next part, I'm creating only this and I'm going to explain this delete and everything.
So.
Let us clear, don't delete this part of.
So I am not mentioning this again and again, because it's very simple logic.
OK, now, and what is this the rule book is do do get any ability it will get a request or parameter
using call number basically from their delete part, and it will look really solid and it will display
on the viewable part.
So this is all about these things.
So let me also.
So I'm what I'm doing is just I created all the parts, but I need to mention the methods since and
disadvantage because it's a controlling part who.
Leading, except also because said the deal, only I mentioned all these things.
So I'm using the new method again and again.
And View Library and is also done, but.
So again, this will be delayed librarian metal using similar methods.
So in the four other things, I'm going to create a little library in a library and some issue issue
level, inform local library and library and log in, then some written book written books on view book
form.
So I will explain it in the next video.
I will briefly use that template and everything in this video, and I will explain this part in the
next video.
So you understand this part.
What I did is I just created the you and Bean method, which is purely based on that part or logic.
But in so limited, I'm creating some controlling part because we've mentioned everything, but I'm
creating all the data in the subjects only, and I'm mentioning that in the end, I'm using logic of
deal and packages in search of it.
So this is it for this tutorial.
In the next thing, I'm going to mention you and I'm going to tell you how I used everything here and
I I'll I will create some web pages also here.
So this report issued earlier.